Oh. Oh.
Weehoohooo!
Ugh, that champ is nothing but a bully.
Why, if I had the chance,
I'd show him what for.
I'd give him one of these!
And some of this and this!
And lights out!
Hey! Watch the nachos!
Ladies and gentlemen,
the world champion,
pulchritudinous Pete!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah?
Well, which one of youse wants to
come up here and take on the champ?
Hey, hey man!
I'll tell you who!
This guy!
You?
No.
Sure you do, Mick.
Why, you was just tellin' me how
much you'd like to teach him a lesson.
Member?
I...
You said you was going
to give him one of these.
No.
Some of this.
And lights out!
Might I suggest...
This!
He's all yours, Mick.
I'm coming, ma'am-ma.
Goofy?
Why you big palooka!
Hiya!
Donald! Help!
Don't touch my nachos!
Hey.
My hair!
Looking for this?
Ooh.
Hmm.
My hair!
Who threw that?
My nachos!
Get 'em, Mick!
One, two, three!
Introducing, the winner
and new world champion!
I guess we really did show 'em what for.
Yeah!
Now, which one of you want to
come up here and take on the champ?